Spoons

Unlimited amount of players can play, 
however there is always going to be one less spoon than the amount of players.
Arrange the spoons in a small circle at the center of the table; 
the dealer will then deal 4 cards to each player. 
Each player tries to make 4 of a kind;
The dealer will pick up a card off the top of the deck to have five cards then remove one placing it facedown and passing it to the left.
Each player will do the same if the card does not suit their needs for a 4 of a kind.
Once one player has a 4 of a kind he or she will reach for a spoon, after that the rest of the players will scramble to get one.
If a player does not acquire a spoon, that person will be out.
Then game will contiue until there is only one remaining, and that person will be the winner.\
	{
		A deck of cards is place on a table.
			That deck will be shuffled
			}
		{ The dealer will then grab some spoons
				The dealer will places one less spoon than the amount of players in a circle at the center of a table;
		{The Dealer will then distribute 4 cards to each player;
				Each player will check their card values
			The dealer will then pick up a fifth card
				IF a card in his deck does not meets a value he or she needs:
			he or she can remove the one that is less suitable
			}
		The dealer will discard the card to left and another player will pick it up.
			{This player will do the same check the card value is one they need
				Else the player needs the card; they will remove a card they do not need
					Else the player does not need the card; they will continue to pass it on to the left}
	{This cycle will repeat throughout all the players;
		The dealer will continue to draw cards from the deck;
			This cycle will conintue until one person has four of the same card values;
				Then that player will grab a spoon.
				afterwards the players will scramble to get a spoon
					Else a player does not grab a spoon; that person is out of the game.
						Once the player is removed from the game a spoon will also be removed.
										This will repeat until there is only one person remaining;
}	
	They are considered the winner;
Repeat this as many times you want;
